WSL 2: add note about inotify (#10801)
docker/docker.github.io: docker-for-windows/wsl.md

## Best practices

> - We recommend storing source code and other data that will be bind-mounted into Linux containers (e.g. with `docker run -v`) in the Linux filesystem, rather than the Windows filesystem. Linux containers will only receive file change events ("inotify events") if the original files are stored in the Linux filesystem. Performance will also be much higher if the files are bind-mounted from Linux, rather than remoted from the Windows host. Therefore avoid `docker run -v /mnt/c/users:/users` (where `/mnt/c` is mounted from Windows). Instead, from a Linux shell use a command like `docker run -v ~/my-project:/sources <my-image>` where `~` is expanded by the Linux shell to `$HOME`.

Reviewer: Contents looks good to me; have some nits;

- If possible, wrap to ~80 chars
- Avoid royal "We" (perhaps take the original approach? "To get the best .."
- Avoid future tense in tech docs
- I think we standardise on using a comma after `e.g.`

Wondering if we should break it up into sub-bullets, something along the line of;

> - To get the best out of the file system performance when bind-mounting files:
>     - Store source code and other data that is bind-mounted into Linux containers
>       (i.e., with `docker run -v <host-path>:<container-path>`) in the Linux
>       filesystem, rather than the Windows filesystem.
>     - Linux containers only receive file change events ("inotify events") if the
>       original files are stored in the Linux filesystem.
>     - Performance is much higher when files are bind-mounted from the Linux
>       filesystem, rather than remoted from the Windows host. Therefore avoid
>       `docker run -v /mnt/c/users:/users` (where `/mnt/c` is mounted from Windows).
>     - Instead, from a Linux shell use a command like `docker run -v ~/my-project:/sources <my-image>`
>       where `~` is expanded by the Linux shell to `$HOME`.

```suggestion
- To get the best out of the file system performance when bind-mounting files:
    - Store source code and other data that is bind-mounted into Linux containers
      (i.e., with `docker run -v <host-path>:<container-path>`) in the Linux
      filesystem, rather than the Windows filesystem.
    - Linux containers only receive file change events ("inotify events") if the
      original files are stored in the Linux filesystem.
    - Performance is much higher when files are bind-mounted from the Linux
      filesystem, rather than remoted from the Windows host. Therefore avoid
      `docker run -v /mnt/c/users:/users` (where `/mnt/c` is mounted from Windows).
    - Instead, from a Linux shell use a command like `docker run -v ~/my-project:/sources <my-image>`
      where `~` is expanded by the Linux shell to `$HOME`.
```
